How to go about setting up FireWatir on different platforms.
= Introduction =
This page will describe steps to be followed while installing FireWatir on various OS.

Steps common to all the platforms are:

 # Install Ruby from Download ruby from http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
 # Install Firefox browser and its JSSh extension.
 # Allow popup for Firefox.
 # Run the unittests written to test FireWatir working. The Unittests are in a folder where FireWatir is installed. On the command prompt go to the FireWatir installation directory under unittests type 
 \unittests>ruby mozilla_all_tests.rb 

==== Windows ====
 # Download the Ruby one click installer from http://rubyforge.org/frs/?group_id=167&release_id=9267
 # Download Firefox browser from http://www.mozilla.com and install
 # Download .XPI file from http://code.google.com/p/firewatir/downloads/list 
   * Open Firefox browser.
   * From File menu select Open File option.
   * Navigate to the path where the downloaded .XPI file is located. Select the .XPI file click open.
   * Wait till a dialog appear stating that do you want to install this extension. Click install.
   * The extension will not show up in the installed extensions list. For checking the installation of extension; follow steps below
   * Close Firefox. Restart it from command prompt using “[Firefox installation directory]/firefox.exe -jssh”. Make sure you give “-jssh” as parameter other wise Firefox will not start JSSh shell.
   * To check if JSSh is listening on port 9997 run command “telnet localhost 9997” from command prompt.
 # Download the FireWatir gem from http://code.google.com/p/firewatir/downloads/list. Install FireWatir going to command prompt and changing directory where the gem is downloaded and type command
 >gem install firewatir-1.0.1-mswin32.gem

==== Linux ====
 # Download ruby from http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
 # Download Firefox from http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/all.html and install using the guidelines given in the reselase notes at http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/releases (click on version of Firefox you have downloaded).
 # Download the correct Firefox extension from http://people.mozilla.com/~davel/jssh/ and install.
 # Download the FireWatir gem from http://code.google.com/p/firewatir/downloads/list 
 # Install FireWatir going to command prompt and changing directory where the gem is downloaded and typing a command
 >gem install firewatir-1.0.1-mswin32.gem

==== Mac OSX ====
 # Download ruby from http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
 # Download Firefox from http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/all.html and install using the guidelines given in the reselase notes at http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/releases/(click on version of Firefox you have downloaded).
 # Download the correct Firefox extension from http://people.mozilla.com/~davel/jssh/ and install. 
 # Download Firefox from http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/all.html and install using the guidelines given in the reselase notes at http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/releases (click on version of Firefox you have downloaded).
 # Install FireWatir going to command prompt and changing directory where the gem is downloaded and typing a command
 >gem install firewatir-1.0.1-mswin32.gem