===FireWatir version 1.0.2===

==Introduction==
This document enlists all the features released with this version and planned features and enhancements in the future.

==Features in 1.0.2==

This version addresses issues discovered in the prior release and is more compatible to Watir scripts, thanks to all the users for sharing their experiences with FireWatir.
This version also includes new features/fixes as follows: 
 # Impelmented to_s for all the elements which returns element specific attributes along with attributes that apply to all the elements.
 # Implemented iterators for all the elements.
 # Implemented show_all_objects.
 # Added support to access 'button' elements. Thanks to patch send by Todd Fisher.
 # Fixed bugs 1
   # FireWatir::Firefox.html doesn't exists, by cdc@cyphers.dns2go.com
   # Cannot access button using value when the html is "<button type="submit">Sign In</button>" by Vikash Kumar.
   # Firewatir fails finding link by text when html is "<a href="http://www.test.com"><span class="a">Go Test</span></a>" by Kevin Alsteens.
   # elements_by_path bug by Dan Zwell. 
 # Made it more compatible with scripts written for watir.
 # Added support to wait for Firefox to load the page in case there are redirect on the page that is currently loading.

==Future Plans==
 # Concurrent test cases can be run on multiple Firefox instances existing at a time.
 # Logger that will log all the actions extensively.
 # Start Firefox browser with version configured by user.
 # Implement support for TableBody element.
 # Javascript popup support for open, save, cancel popup, when a file is downloaded.
 # Tabbed browser support (if feasible)

==Known Issues==
 # For now more than one instance of Firefox executing the test cases cannot be run as the JSSh works only at one port shared across all the instances of Firefox browser at a time.
 # For an image displayed on the screen, one cannot get its FileSize, FileCreatedDate.


